Doze mode - do foreground services continue to run?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56866806/doze-mode-do-foreground-services-continue-to-run

How to handle background services in ANDROID O?
https://medium.com/@kevalpatel2106/how-to-handle-background-services-in-android-o-f96783e65268

How to turn off battery optimization on Huawei devices
https://support.doubletwist.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001504071-How-to-turn-off-battery-optimization-on-Huawei-devices

How to turn off battery optimization on the Huawei devices
http://nine-faq.9folders.com/articles/16876-how-to-turn-off-battery-optimization-on-the-huawei-devices

How to turn off battery optimization on Huawei devices
https://help.safelagoon.com/en/articles/3203458-how-to-turn-off-battery-optimization-on-huawei-devices

Don't kill my app!
https://dontkillmyapp.com/huawei

Check if battery optimization is enabled or not for an app
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39256501/check-if-battery-optimization-is-enabled-or-not-for-an-app

Huawei device killing my foreground service, even with dontkillmyapp.com's solution
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56883074/huawei-device-killing-my-foreground-service-even-with-dontkillmyapp-coms-solut/56935425

How can I fix a notification issue on my Honor/Huawei/Sony/Oppo?
https://help.batch.com/en/articles/2246074-how-can-i-fix-a-notification-issue-on-my-honor-huawei-sony-oppo

Building an Android service that never stops running
https://robertohuertas.com/2019/06/29/android_foreground_services/

Keep the device awake
https://developer.android.com/training/scheduling/wakelock#cpu

Effective foreground services on Android
https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2018/12/effective-foreground-services-on-android_11.html

Optimize for Doze and App Standby
https://developer.android.com/training/monitoring-device-state/doze-standby.html

Android M startActivity battery optimization
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41596509/android-m-startactivity-battery-optimization

Background optimizations
https://developer.android.com/topic/performance/background-optimization

Android vitals
https://developer.android.com/topic/performance/vitals/index.html

Excessive wakeups
https://developer.android.com/topic/performance/vitals/wakeup.html

Stuck partial wake locks
https://developer.android.com/topic/performance/vitals/wakelock.html#kotlin

Battery optimizations (wakelocks) on Huawei EMUI 4.0+
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39954822/battery-optimizations-wakelocks-on-huawei-emui-4-0

service killed when app cloes just in huawei device
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48559465/service-killed-when-app-cloes-just-in-huawei-device

Android: When is WakeLock needed?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31568830/android-when-is-wakelock-needed

Android background service and wake lock
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32085565/android-background-service-and-wake-lock

Purpose of WakeLock in modern Android?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53093127/purpose-of-wakelock-in-modern-android

Oreo (8.1) cannot start activity on lock screen
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48404795/oreo-8-1-cannot-start-activity-on-lock-screen

Push Notifications Not Coming Through To Your Huawei Phone? Here's How To Fix It
https://www.forbes.com/sites/bensin/2016/07/04/push-notifications-not-coming-through-to-your-huawei-phone-heres-how-to-fix-it/#f546df01ccc5

Creating a never ending background service in Android
https://fabcirablog.weebly.com/blog/creating-a-never-ending-background-service-in-android

Creating a never ending background service in Android > 7
https://fabcirablog.weebly.com/blog/creating-a-never-ending-background-service-in-android-gt-7

How does doze mode affect background/foreground services, with/without partial/full wakelocks?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37869201/how-does-doze-mode-affect-background-foreground-services-with-without-partial-f

Android doze mode and foreground service
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44804432/android-doze-mode-and-foreground-service?rq=1

How to know if doze mode is running?
https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/automate-user/7KC3c6X0vMw

What to do if alarms or sleep tracking donâ€™t work?
https://sleep.urbandroid.org/documentation/faq/alarms-sleep-tracking-dont-work/#huawei